Xie Wuji
Count you this time
But don't think you can deserve Xinyu
The kind of cold woman that only you would like
I don't think he's worthy of me
To tell you the truth
The new moon not only broke through to 7 horses
He has also practiced the secret technique of Yunxiao Sect
Eternal sky
You want revenge on him?
Will die ugly
That's my business.
Don't bother with this simp flight.
Sect Master Ouyang
Your Excellency Goddess
Now that the two competitions have ended
Then I'll take my leave.
Wei Zong's disciples are really good
Hahaha, thank you goddess for your praise.
Master, the masked woman in white just now is
Hey, no big or small.
What woman in white?
That's Langya
Strictly contemporary gods are the strongest of my right path
Shili is the ninth grade and five emperors.
Why do I feel like I've seen him somewhere?
Promise!
Today, you have made a great contribution to the sect with one enemy and nine
I am very happy for my teacher
Today, the government will think that I am the holy son of Freesia Sect
Thank you master
But master
The disciple has another unkind request.